In the kingdom of Arachne, there were four unique races; the Scarlet Snatchers, the Blue Bandits, the Golden Grabbers, and the Brown Bankers. The four races lived in perfect harmony, with one matriarch for every race. The kingdom's defenders, the Geared Guardians, protected the Royal Four and the Eternal Bloodweb. The Eternal Bloodweb was a hidden, intricate web that ran through the kingdom, supplying it with power and holding the balance through rituals held by the citizens of the kingdom. History books within the kingdom tell tales of the Voidweaver, a spiritual spider created with the purpose of destruction. The spider, obtaining too much power, sent itself toward the center of the Bloodweb, destroying the kingdom in his wake. As he arrived toward the central city, he was stopped by the Royal Four of the time, trapping him in a sealed cavern deep beneath the surface. These four rulers became known as the legends of their time... the Apex Quadrivium. As these history books were spread throughout the world, one man became interested in finding this hidden kingdom. Satoru Gojo, the best bounty hunter/detective of his time, hundreds of years after the Voidweaver, began his search for Arachne. After only four long months, he had found it, deep within the Katachougan Mountains. As he entered the kingdom, he couldn't believe his eyes; the citizens were the size of an average human. He traveled in the most secrecy before approaching the central kingdom. As his trek to meet the Royal Four concluded, he and the citizens felt the Earth rumble. He focuses his energy and looks at the castle. It crumbles to the ground as the Voidweaver breaks through the crust, holding the core of the Eternal Bloodweb in its jaws. A loud snap echoes through the kingdom as the Bloodweb turns black, the buildings being drained of light as a void envelops the mountain. As Gojo loses focus, he is wrapped by a blackened tendril and tempted by the dark forces. He and the spiders converge at the center, awaiting the arrival of their final victim... them.